There is an issue with the timer when the app goes into the background.

Currently, if I switch to another app, lock the phone, or use split-screen mode, the timer stops running. This prevents the focus session from continuing correctly.

Please refactor the timer system so that it continues tracking time even when the app is in the background.

Implement the following changes:

1. Use timestamp-based timing instead of relying on intervals

Instead of depending only on "setInterval" or "setTimeout", store the session start timestamp when a session begins.

Example:

sessionStartTime = Date.now()

Then calculate elapsed time dynamically:

elapsedTime = Date.now() - sessionStartTime

This ensures the timer remains accurate even if the app is paused in the background.

2. Recalculate elapsed time when the app becomes active again

When the user returns to the app, the timer should recalculate the session duration using the stored start timestamp.

The timer display should immediately update to the correct elapsed time.

3. Ensure Pomodoro sessions continue correctly

If a Pomodoro session is running and the user leaves the app:

• The timer should continue counting down
• When the user returns, the remaining time should reflect the actual elapsed time.

4. Ensure recordings and session logs remain accurate

Voice recordings made during the session should still attach correctly to the session.

When the session ends, the total session duration should reflect the true elapsed time, not just the time the app was visible.

5. Do not rely on continuous background execution

The timer should work correctly even if the browser pauses JavaScript timers while the app is in the background.

The timer display should simply recalculate based on timestamps when the UI updates.

6. Test the following scenarios

Please ensure the timer continues correctly when:

• The user switches to another app
• The phone is locked and unlocked
• The app is placed in split-screen mode
• The user returns to the app after several minutes

The focus session should remain accurate in all cases.